doc: CLOUDP-216288 - Update the warning message in the cluster resource to mention a bug on the container ids (#1719)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/cluster.html.markdown

~> **IMPORTANT:**
<br> &#8226; New Users: If you are not already using `mongodbatlas_cluster` for your deployment we recommend starting with the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster).  `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` has all the same functionality as `mongodbatlas_cluster` but also supports multi-cloud clusters.  

> <br> &#8226; Multi Region Cluster: The `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource doesn't expose the `container_id` for each region utilized by the cluster. For access to `container_id`, we recommend to use the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster) resource instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br> &#8226; Multi Region Cluster: The `mongodbatlas_cluster` data source doesn't return the `container_id` for each region utilized by the cluster. For retrieving the `container_id`, we recommend to use the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/resources/advanced_cluster) data source instead.
```

Author: `resource` here is correct since it is the resource doc page (the others were data sources).  I updated the other suggestions
